README.md, before:

# ProofSmartContract 📚

🎓 Proof is a Decentralized Learning Management System that Secures Educational Assessments Records On-chain. Tutors create courses and set multiple-choice exams, while students enroll and take assessments with scores permanently recorded on the blockchain making all Interaction tamper Proof. Proof is Built on the Somnia test network using Amazon kiro for creation of the hooks been used in the frontend with the contract ABI and Contract Address. ⛓️

🔒 Traditional education suffers from grade tampering, course enrollment and verification issues. Our blockchain solution stores course enrollment and exam results immutably on-chain, eliminating tampering and providing transparent, verifiable academic performance that institutions can trust without intermediaries. 

🚀 This transforms education by providing tamper-proof records, and universal verification standards. Students get portable credentials that follow them throughout their careers, while educators access transparent assessment tools that build trust and credibility.

## 🔧 Main Features & Flow

- 👤 **User Registration**: Register as Student or Tutor with role-based permissions
- 📖 **Course Creation**: Tutors create and manage educational courses
- ✍️ **Student Enrollment**: Browse and enroll in available courses  
- 📝 **Exam System**: Create multiple-choice assessments with automatic scoring
- 📊 **Results Tracking**: View completion status and immutable scores
- 🔐 **Blockchain Verification**: All records permanently stored on-chain( Somnia Network)


# Github Repo
git clone https://github.com/bellobambo/proof-somnia-edu

# Install dependencies
npm install


# Set environment variable
NEXT_PUBLIC_WC_PROJECT_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_SOMNIA_TESTNET_RPC_URL=https://dream-rpc.somnia.network/

# Run application
npm run dev



**Contract Address**: `0x51508a90A7B73bf3D7dD69b7327d515195623F64` 🌐

Commit message:

Update README with Metamask and Somnia Network info
Added notes for Metamask installation and Somnia Network details.

README.md, after:

# ProofSmartContract 📚

🎓 Proof is a Decentralized Learning Management System that Secures Educational Assessments Records On-chain. Tutors create courses and set multiple-choice exams, while students enroll and take assessments with scores permanently recorded on the blockchain making all Interaction tamper Proof. Proof is Built on the Somnia test network using Amazon kiro for creation of the hooks been used in the frontend with the contract ABI and Contract Address. ⛓️

🔒 Traditional education suffers from grade tampering, course enrollment and verification issues. Our blockchain solution stores course enrollment and exam results immutably on-chain, eliminating tampering and providing transparent, verifiable academic performance that institutions can trust without intermediaries. 

🚀 This transforms education by providing tamper-proof records, and universal verification standards. Students get portable credentials that follow them throughout their careers, while educators access transparent assessment tools that build trust and credibility.

## 🔧 Main Features & Flow

- 👤 **User Registration**: Register as Student or Tutor with role-based permissions
- 📖 **Course Creation**: Tutors create and manage educational courses
- ✍️ **Student Enrollment**: Browse and enroll in available courses  
- 📝 **Exam System**: Create multiple-choice assessments with automatic scoring
- 📊 **Results Tracking**: View completion status and immutable scores
- 🔐 **Blockchain Verification**: All records permanently stored on-chain( Somnia Network)


# Github Repo
git clone https://github.com/bellobambo/proof-somnia-edu

# Install dependencies
npm install


# Set environment variable
NEXT_PUBLIC_WC_PROJECT_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_SOMNIA_TESTNET_RPC_URL=https://dream-rpc.somnia.network/

# Run application
npm run dev

NOTE: Ensure you have metamask installed in your browser extension
And add the Somnia Network with the details below

RPC: 
Chain ID: 50312
Block Explorer: https://shannon-explorer.somnia.network/
Symbol: STT


**Contract Address**: `0x51508a90A7B73bf3D7dD69b7327d515195623F64` 🌐
